Editorial Changes to the Security Consideration Section (#52)
lamps-wg/csr-attestation: draft-ietf-lamps-csr-attestation.md

Policies drive the processing of Evidence at the Verifier: the Verifier's

> Appraisal Policy for Evidence will often be specified by the manufacturer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Appraisal Policy for Evidence will often be based on specifications by the manufacturer
```

maybe a little bit weaker than `specified by`? Just a non-blocking nit.

> Appraisal Policy for Evidence will often be specified by the manufacturer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Appraisal Policy for Evidence will often be based on specifications by the manufacturer
```

maybe a little bit weaker than `specified by`? Just a non-blocking nit.
